STORY 0-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Eve Donkervoort, Darda Biddercombe, Onyekachukwu Buterin, and Jenci Strozak have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the entrancing tome at the Headless crypt.
They were ambushed by a beast.
After a challenging contest, they parted ways with the beast.
Eve Donkervoort found Plated Belt!
They arrived at the Headless crypt, where they had to solve a entrancing tome.
After a grueling infiltration, they retrieved the tome.
Eve Donkervoort found Silk Robe!
Eve Donkervoort found Necklace!
Eve Donkervoort found Silk Hood!
Darda Biddercombe found Dragonskin Armor!
Jenci Strozak had her arm crushed.
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Daealla Pinette, Joseph Kwiatkowski, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the warlock at the Red village.
They arrived at the Red village, where they were ambushed by a warlock.
After a hard-earned struggle, they overpowered the warlock.
Remus Cassidy found Holy Greaves!
The adventurers returned to Cult of 973, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Jonas Izmaylov, Eva Mintz, Carly Dustfinger, and Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the lightless, unspeakable walls "Vivisected Fecund" at the Macrosign summit.
They were confronted by an elemental.
After a challenging contest, they parted ways with the elemental.
Jonas Izmaylov found Plated Belt!
They were ambushed by a invisible beast.
After a challenging contest, they parted ways with the beast.
Jonas Izmaylov found Plated Belt!
Eva Mintz bruised their ribs.
Carly Dustfinger found "Carrion Tear" Silk Robe of Detection!
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx was frightened half to death.
They were blocked by a sharp impossible waste.
After a trying trek, they traversed the waste.
Jonas Izmaylov found Greaves of the Fox!
Eva Mintz found Dragonskin Gloves!
Eva Mintz had their arm crushed.
Carly Dustfinger had his arm crushed.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx died.
They arrived at the Macrosign summit, where they were confronted with the lightless unspeakable walls Vivisected Fecund.
After a rough attempt, they could not to protect the walls.
Jonas Izmaylov had her arm crushed.
Eva Mintz had their arm crushed.
Eva Mintz was knocked out.
Carly Dustfinger dislocated his shoulder.
Carly Dustfinger broke his leg.
The adventurers slunk back to Cherished Heart Temple in disgrace.

