STORY 0-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Darda Biddercombe, Eve Donkervoort, and Jenci Strozak have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the wyrm at the Headless village.
They arrived at the Headless village, where they were ambushed by a wyrm.
After a testing contest, they defeated the wyrm.
Darda Biddercombe found Holy Greaves!
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Joseph Kwiatkowski, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the lord at the Can-ton forest.
They arrived at the Can-ton forest, where they were ambushed by a lord.
After a hard-earned introduction, they struck a deal with the lord.
Remus Cassidy found Holy Greaves!
The adventurers returned to Cult of 973, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Jonas Izmaylov, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Eva Mintz, and Carly Dustfinger have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the sharp, irresistible psychopomp at the Craven crypt.
They were confronted by an elemental.
After a challenging contest, they parted ways with the elemental.
Jonas Izmaylov found Plated Belt!
They were ambushed by a invisible beast.
After a hard-earned game of wits, they passed by the beast.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx got blasted eardrums.
Carly Dustfinger got blasted eardrums.
Carly Dustfinger found Full Helm!
Carly Dustfinger found Ancient Helm!
They arrived at the Craven crypt, where they snuck up on a sharp irresistible psychopomp.
After a hard-earned battle, they defeated the psychopomp.
Jonas Izmaylov found Amulet!
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx found Demon Husk!
Carly Dustfinger had his confidence shaken.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Orion Tjangamarra, Jesper Kodou the Learned, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, and Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the wyrm at the Headless village.
They arrived at the Headless village, where they were ambushed by a wyrm.
After a testing contest, they defeated the wyrm.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Holy Greaves!
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Aron Gannon, Isak Schmidt, and Matthew Izmaylov have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the crepuscular, ancient nephilim at the Illusid city.
They were confronted by an elemental.
After a trying contest, they parted ways with the elemental.
Isak Schmidt found Plated Belt!
They were ambushed by a invisible beast.
After a testing game of wits, they passed by the beast.
Aron Gannon dislocated his shoulder.
Isak Schmidt broke his leg.
They arrived at the Illusid city, where they snuck up on a crepuscular ancient nephilim.
After a doomed audience, they made an enemy of the nephilim.
Aron Gannon was frightened half to death.
Isak Schmidt got blasted eardrums.
Isak Schmidt got blasted eardrums.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 1-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Anya Mikulanc, Jenci Strozak, Eve Donkervoort, and Darda Biddercombe have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the crepuscular warlock at the Headless city.
They were confronted with a cliff.
After a grueling attempt, they overcame the cliff.
Jenci Strozak bruised her ribs.
Eve Donkervoort was frightened half to death.
They arrived at the Headless city, where they were confronted by a crepuscular warlock.
After an epic contest, they overpowered the warlock.
Anya Mikulanc had their confidence shaken.
Jenci Strozak found Leather Boots of Detection!
Eve Donkervoort found Ornate Gauntlets!
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.
Anya Mikulanc now has self-doubt.

STORY 1-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Joseph Kwiatkowski, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the fiend at the Boreal sea.
They arrived at the Boreal sea, where they were confronted by a fiend.
After a misguided audience, they angered the fiend.
Joseph Kwiatkowski bruised her ribs.
Daealla Pinette had their arm crushed.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 1-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Eva Mintz, Carly Dustfinger, and Jonas Izmaylov have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the secret at the Craven market.
They arrived at the Craven market, where they stumbled upon a secret.
After an epic infiltration, they acquired the secret.
Eva Mintz found Hard Leather Belt!
Carly Dustfinger suffered slash wounds.
Jonas Izmaylov learned Swords!
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 1-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Jesper Kodou the Learned, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Orion Tjangamarra, and Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the violent, unspeakable ruins at the Geometric crypt.
They were confronted with a cliff.
After a trying exertion, they overcame the cliff.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Holy Gauntlets!
Orion Tjangamarra dislocated their shoulder.
They had to solve a entrancing puzzlebox.
After a fraught brainstorm, they solved the puzzlebox.
Orion Tjangamarra found Plate Mail!
They arrived at the Geometric crypt, where they discovered some violent unspeakable ruins.
After a strenuous exploration, they completely mapped out the ruins.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Mesh Belt!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Divine Hood!
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky broke her leg.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky now has martyr complex.

STORY 1-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Matthew Izmaylov, Isak Schmidt, and Aron Gannon have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the violent, irresistible sanctum "Diphonic Nail" at the Can-ton forest.
They were confronted with a cliff.
After a weak exertion, they failed to cross the cliff.
Matthew Izmaylov had their confidence shaken.
Matthew Izmaylov bruised their ribs.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 2-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Anya Mikulanc, Jenci Strozak, Eve Donkervoort, and Darda Biddercombe have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the dunes at the Craven forest.
They arrived at the Craven forest, where they discovered some dunes.
After a trying reconnoiter, they surveiled all of the dunes.
Jenci Strozak got blasted eardrums.
Darda Biddercombe found "Armageddon Moon" Demon's Hands of Skill +1!
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 2-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Joseph Kwiatkowski, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the lightless caravan at the Red desert.
They were blocked by a locked gate.
After an out-of-control hundred guesses, they failed to figure out the locked gate.
Joseph Kwiatkowski dislocated her shoulder.
Daealla Pinette had their confidence shaken.
Remus Cassidy bruised her ribs.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 2-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Eva Mintz, Jonas Izmaylov, Carly Dustfinger, and Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the caves at the Can-ton city.
They arrived at the Can-ton city, where they discovered some caves.
After a trying reconnoiter, they completely mapped out the caves.
Eva Mintz had their confidence shaken.
Eva Mintz found Chain Boots!
Jonas Izmaylov found "Armageddon Moon" Demon's Hands of Skill +1!
Carly Dustfinger was stabbed in the torso.
Carly Dustfinger bruised his ribs.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 2-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Orion Tjangamarra, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Jesper Kodou the Learned, and Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the many-eyed, magical sanctum at the Darshish city.
They discovered a hedge.
After a trying exertion, they traversed the hedge.
Orion Tjangamarra broke their leg.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky had her arm crushed.
They were confronted by a invisible tunnel dweller.
After a trying contest, they defeated the tunnel dweller.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky had her confidence shaken.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Chain Boots!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found "Armageddon Moon" Demon's Hands of Skill +1!
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky was stabbed in the torso.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky bruised her ribs.
They arrived at the Darshish city, where they discovered a many-eyed magical sanctum.
After a testing overwatch, they protected the sanctum.
Orion Tjangamarra found Necklace!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found "Golem Roar" Linen Sash of the Fox!
Jesper Kodou the Learned bruised their ribs.
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 2-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Matthew Izmaylov, Aron Gannon, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the lightless, irresistible nephilim "Blistered Limpet" at the Illusid forest.
They discovered a hedge.
After a rough exertion, they failed to traverse the hedge.
Matthew Izmaylov got blasted eardrums.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 3-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Jenci Strozak, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Darda Biddercombe, and Anya Mikulanc have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the decrepit, ancient warlock at the Geometric desert.
They were blocked by a locked gate.
After a breezy attempt, they found a way through the locked gate.
Jenci Strozak now has optimistism!
Jenci Strozak found Great Helm!
Jenci Strozak learned Ropes!
Onyekachukwu Buterin found Ring Mail of the Twins!
They met an lightless elemental.
After a trying game of wits, they parted ways with the elemental.
Onyekachukwu Buterin found Hard Leather Armor!
Onyekachukwu Buterin found "Gloom Peak" Sash of the Fox +1!
Darda Biddercombe suffered slash wounds.
Anya Mikulanc dislocated their shoulder.
Anya Mikulanc was stabbed in the torso.
They arrived at the Geometric desert, where they were confronted by a decrepit ancient warlock.
After a strenuous struggle, they overpowered the warlock.
Jenci Strozak found Ornate Gauntlets of Vitriol!
Onyekachukwu Buterin dislocated his shoulder.
Onyekachukwu Buterin suffered slash wounds.
Darda Biddercombe was stabbed in the torso.
Anya Mikulanc bruised their ribs.
Anya Mikulanc was knocked out.
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.
Onyekachukwu Buterin now has cowardice.

STORY 3-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Remus Cassidy, Daealla Pinette, and Joseph Kwiatkowski have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the warlock at the Illusid sea.
They arrived at the Illusid sea, where they were ambushed by a warlock.
After a hard-earned battle, they defeated the warlock.
Daealla Pinette suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Cult of 973, exhausted but successful.

STORY 3-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Jonas Izmaylov, Carly Dustfinger, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, and Eva Mintz have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the wyrm at the Headless village.
They arrived at the Headless village, where they were ambushed by a wyrm.
After an easy contest, they defeated the wyrm.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned triumphantly to Cherished Heart Temple, basking in glory.

STORY 3-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky, Jesper Kodou the Learned, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, and Orion Tjangamarra have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the invisible, irresistible ogre "Yule Osprin" at the Red crypt.
They were confronted with a canyon.
After a trying attempt, they traversed the canyon.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Ghost Wand!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky learned Marketing!
Orion Tjangamarra suffered slash wounds.
They met an lightless elemental.
After a testing contest, they parted ways with the elemental.
Orion Tjangamarra found Linen Hood!
They discovered a many-eyed deathly waste.
After an easy exertion, they crossed the waste.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found "Rage Shout" Demon Husk of Vitriol +1!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Studded Leather Boots!
They arrived at the Red crypt, where they were confronted by the invisible irresistible ogre Yule Osprin.
After a testing contest, they conquered the ogre.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky found Bone Wand of Fury!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Heavy Gloves!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky bruised her ribs.
Orion Tjangamarra had their confidence shaken.
Orion Tjangamarra suffered slash wounds.
Orion Tjangamarra was stabbed in the torso.
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.
Orion Tjangamarra now has martyr complex.

STORY 3-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Aron Gannon, Matthew Izmaylov, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the entrancing, deathly dunes at the Boreal city.
They were blocked by a locked gate.
After a hard-earned attempt, they found a way through the locked gate.
Aron Gannon now has elegance!
Matthew Izmaylov found Great Helm!
Isak Schmidt got blasted eardrums.
Isak Schmidt found Wool Shoes!
They met an lightless elemental.
After a hard-earned game of wits, they defeated the elemental.
Isak Schmidt found Hard Leather Armor!
Isak Schmidt found "Gloom Peak" Sash of the Fox +1!
They arrived at the Boreal city, where they were blocked by some entrancing deathly dunes.
After a rough exploration, they were disoriented by the dunes.
Aron Gannon dislocated his shoulder.
Matthew Izmaylov died.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 4-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Darda Biddercombe, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Eve Donkervoort, and Jenci Strozak have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the lord at the Can-ton pass.
They arrived at the Can-ton pass, where they met a lord.
After a testing introduction, they struck a deal with the lord.
Darda Biddercombe was stabbed in the torso.
Eve Donkervoort found Amulet!
Jenci Strozak found Dragonskin Boots!
Jenci Strozak found Pendant!
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 4-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Daealla Pinette, Remus Cassidy, and Joseph Kwiatkowski have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the voracious giant spider at the Illusid valley.
They were confronted with a river.
After a rough exertion, they failed to traverse the river.
Daealla Pinette got blasted eardrums.
Remus Cassidy broke her leg.
Remus Cassidy got blasted eardrums.
Joseph Kwiatkowski got blasted eardrums.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 4-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Carly Dustfinger, Jonas Izmaylov, Eva Mintz, and Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the voracious caves at the Headless forest.
They were confronted with a river.
After a misjudged exertion, they failed to overcome the river.
Jonas Izmaylov was stabbed in the torso.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx got blasted eardrums.
The adventurers slunk back to Cherished Heart Temple in disgrace.

STORY 4-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Jesper Kodou the Learned, Orion Tjangamarra, and Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the priest at the Can-ton crypt.
They arrived at the Can-ton crypt, where they met a priest.
After a testing audience, they struck a deal with the priest.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Necklace of Giants!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Amulet!
Orion Tjangamarra found Dragonskin Boots!
Orion Tjangamarra found Pendant!
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky was stabbed in the torso.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky now has optimistism!
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 4-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Aron Gannon, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the decrepit lord at the Jarred valley.
They were confronted with a river.
After a rough exertion, they failed to traverse the river.
Isak Schmidt got blasted eardrums.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 5-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Eve Donkervoort, Jenci Strozak, Anya Mikulanc, and Onyekachukwu Buterin have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the walls at the Can-ton forest.
They arrived at the Can-ton forest, where they were confronted with some walls.
After a grueling overwatch, they defended the walls.
Eve Donkervoort had her confidence shaken.
Jenci Strozak found Linen Hood of Enlightenment!
Anya Mikulanc had their confidence shaken.
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 5-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Joseph Kwiatkowski, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the succulent, black-hearted dunes at the Illusid sea.
They came across a bird folk.
After a fraught game of wits, they parted ways with the bird folk.
Joseph Kwiatkowski found Chain Boots!
Joseph Kwiatkowski found Bronze Ring!
They stumbled upon a violent dead end.
After a trying hundred guesses, they found a way through the dead end.
They arrived at the Illusid sea, where they were blocked by some succulent black-hearted dunes.
After a strenuous journey, they fully explored the dunes.
Joseph Kwiatkowski found Titanium Ring!
Joseph Kwiatkowski died.
Daealla Pinette had their confidence shaken.
Daealla Pinette was stabbed in the torso.
Remus Cassidy found Heavy Gloves of Rage!
Remus Cassidy suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Cult of 973, exhausted but successful.

STORY 5-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Eva Mintz, Jonas Izmaylov, Carly Dustfinger, and Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the voracious dunes at the Can-ton desert.
They came across a bird folk.
After a fraught game of wits, they moved on from the bird folk.
Eva Mintz was frightened half to death.
Jonas Izmaylov found Demon Husk!
Carly Dustfinger found Leather Gloves of Enlightenment!
Carly Dustfinger found Bronze Ring of Enlightenment!
They arrived at the Can-ton desert, where they were blocked by some voracious dunes.
After a grueling journey, they successfully navigated the dunes.
Eva Mintz had their confidence shaken.
Jonas Izmaylov found Linen Hood of Enlightenment!
Carly Dustfinger had his confidence shaken.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx learned Horses!
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 5-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Orion Tjangamarra, and Jesper Kodou the Learned have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the entrancing, unspeakable prisoner at the Illusid market.
They came across a bird folk.
After a fraught game of wits, they moved on from the bird folk.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky was frightened half to death.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Demon Husk!
Orion Tjangamarra found Leather Gloves of Enlightenment!
Orion Tjangamarra found Bronze Ring of Enlightenment!
They stumbled upon a violent dead end.
After a grueling hundred guesses, they solved the dead end.
Orion Tjangamarra suffered slash wounds.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Grave Wand!
They arrived at the Illusid market, where they discovered a entrancing unspeakable prisoner.
After a successful search, they acquired the prisoner.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky learned Swords!
Orion Tjangamarra found Bronze Ring!
Orion Tjangamarra had their confidence shaken.
Jesper Kodou the Learned learned Horses!
The adventurers returned triumphantly to Platinum Branch Club, basking in glory.

STORY 5-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Isak Schmidt, and Aron Gannon have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the many-eyed wyrm at the Darshish sea.
They came across a bird folk.
After a grueling game of wits, they parted ways with the bird folk.
Aron Gannon found Chain Boots!
Aron Gannon found Bronze Ring!
They arrived at the Darshish sea, where they met a many-eyed wyrm.
After a fraught struggle, they dunked on the wyrm.
The adventurers returned to Harcourt Smithy, exhausted but successful.

STORY 6-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Jenci Strozak, Darda Biddercombe, and Eve Donkervoort have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the entrancing lord at the Craven city.
They had to solve a locked gate.
After a strenuous brainstorm, they figured out the locked gate.
Jenci Strozak learned Archeology!
They arrived at the Craven city, where they met a entrancing lord.
After a breezy introduction, they struck a deal with the lord.
Darda Biddercombe found Amulet!
The adventurers returned triumphantly to Zoanthropic Lodge, basking in glory.

STORY 6-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Remus Cassidy, and Daealla Pinette have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the invisible, impossible maze at the Craven crypt.
They came across a tunnel dweller.
After a misguided battle, they were driven back by the tunnel dweller.
Daealla Pinette got fried nerves.
Daealla Pinette bruised their ribs.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 6-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Jonas Izmaylov, Eva Mintz, and Carly Dustfinger have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the succulent, impossible relic at the Darshish valley.
They came across a tunnel dweller.
After a trying battle, they moved on from the tunnel dweller.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx found Bronze Ring of Vitriol!
They had to solve a decrepit maze.
After a strenuous brainstorm, they figured out the maze.
Jonas Izmaylov learned Archeology!
They arrived at the Darshish valley, where they stumbled upon a succulent impossible relic.
After a grueling infiltration, they grabbed the relic.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx broke her leg.
Jonas Izmaylov found Holy Gauntlets of Vitriol!
Eva Mintz had their confidence shaken.
Eva Mintz was stabbed in the torso.
Eva Mintz got fried nerves.
Carly Dustfinger found Heavy Belt!
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 6-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky, Jesper Kodou the Learned, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, and Orion Tjangamarra have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the invisible, irresistible ogre "Yule Osprin" at the Red crypt.
They came across a beast.
After a hard-earned stand off, they moved on from the beast.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky had her confidence shaken.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky found War Cap!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky was frightened half to death.
Orion Tjangamarra found Necklace of Skill!
They were blocked by a succulent waste.
After an epic attempt, they traversed the waste.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky learned Archeology!
Orion Tjangamarra suffered slash wounds.
They had to solve a decrepit reknowned maze.
After a grueling brainstorm, they found a way through the maze.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky found Shirt!
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky found "Death Roar" Heavy Belt of Fury!
Jesper Kodou the Learned was stabbed in the torso.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky suffered slash wounds.
Orion Tjangamarra got fried nerves.
Orion Tjangamarra dislocated their shoulder.
They arrived at the Red crypt, where they snuck up on the invisible irresistible ogre Yule Osprin.
After a fraught struggle, they conquered the ogre.
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky found Short Sword!
Bella Goldfeder the Unlucky died.
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Hood!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Titanium Ring!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Mesh Belt of Brilliance!
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky dislocated her shoulder.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky was knocked out.
Orion Tjangamarra found Silk Gloves!
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 6-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Aron Gannon, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the lightless, magical tome "Xtophila Prant" at the Macrosign valley.
They came across a beast.
After a doomed stand off, they were forced to turn back by the beast.
Aron Gannon died.
Isak Schmidt had his confidence shaken.
Isak Schmidt dislocated his shoulder.
The last adventurer slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 7-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Eve Donkervoort, Jenci Strozak, and Anya Mikulanc have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the decrepit outskirts at the Illusid crypt.
They were confronted with a waste.
After a trying trek, they crossed the waste.
Jenci Strozak found Pendant!
Anya Mikulanc found Falchion!
They arrived at the Illusid crypt, where they stumbled upon some decrepit outskirts.
After a trying battle, they protected the outskirts.
Eve Donkervoort found "Pandemonium Moon" Demonhide Boots of the Twins +1!
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 7-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the voracious, ancient mindscape at the Craven valley.
They were confronted with a waste.
After a rough exertion, they failed to overcome the waste.
Daealla Pinette had their confidence shaken.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 7-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Jonas Izmaylov, Eva Mintz, and Carly Dustfinger have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the swarm at the Boreal market.
They arrived at the Boreal market, where they came across a swarm.
After a trying contest, they conquered the swarm.
Jonas Izmaylov found Amulet!
Eva Mintz suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 7-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Orion Tjangamarra, Jesper Kodou the Learned, and Selam Holmberg the Unlucky have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the dunes at the Red market.
They arrived at the Red market, where they stumbled upon some dunes.
After an epic reconnoiter, they fully explored the dunes.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Amulet!
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 7-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the prisoner at the Red desert.
They arrived at the Red desert, where they were blocked by a prisoner.
After a misguided mission, they left without the prisoner.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 8-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Eve Donkervoort, Jenci Strozak, Darda Biddercombe, and Onyekachukwu Buterin have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the entrancing psychopomp at the Macrosign city.
They stumbled upon a canyon.
After an epic trek, they traversed the canyon.
Darda Biddercombe got blasted eardrums.
Onyekachukwu Buterin found Necklace!
They arrived at the Macrosign city, where they were ambushed by a entrancing psychopomp.
After an epic struggle, they defeated the psychopomp.
Eve Donkervoort broke her leg.
Jenci Strozak broke her leg.
Onyekachukwu Buterin found Dragonskin Armor!
Onyekachukwu Buterin was frightened half to death.
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 8-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Daealla Pinette, and Remus Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the lightless outskirts at the Geometric valley.
They stumbled upon a canyon.
After a misguided trek, they failed to cross the canyon.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 8-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Carly Dustfinger, Jonas Izmaylov, and Eva Mintz have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the lord at the Boreal crypt.
They arrived at the Boreal crypt, where they were ambushed by a lord.
After a challenging introduction, they befriended the lord.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 8-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Jesper Kodou the Learned, and Orion Tjangamarra have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the invisible wyrm at the Macrosign crypt.
They stumbled upon a canyon.
After a hard-earned trek, they crossed the canyon.
They arrived at the Macrosign crypt, where they were ambushed by a invisible wyrm.
After a bungled contest, they were overpowered by the wyrm.
Jesper Kodou the Learned broke their leg.
Orion Tjangamarra broke their leg.
The adventurers slunk back to Platinum Branch Club in disgrace.

STORY 8-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the many-eyed, cursed citadel at the Boreal summit.
They stumbled upon a canyon.
After a misjudged exertion, they failed to traverse the canyon.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

STORY 9-0 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Eve Donkervoort, Onyekachukwu Buterin, Anya Mikulanc, and Jenci Strozak have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the swarm at the Boreal market.
They arrived at the Boreal market, where they came across a swarm.
After a strenuous battle, they dunked on the swarm.
Eve Donkervoort dislocated her shoulder.
The adventurers returned to Zoanthropic Lodge, exhausted but successful.

STORY 9-1 
At Cult of 973 in North Bank Street, Remus Cassidy, and Daealla Pinette have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the violent, magical nephilim at the Macrosign pass.
They were confronted with a river.
After an out-of-control trek, they failed to traverse the river.
Remus Cassidy was stabbed in the torso.
Daealla Pinette was stabbed in the torso.
Daealla Pinette had their arm crushed.
The adventurers slunk back to Cult of 973 in disgrace.

STORY 9-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Jonas Izmaylov, Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx, Eva Mintz, and Carly Dustfinger have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the voracious secret at the Red city.
They were confronted with a river.
After a hard-earned trek, they overcame the river.
Jonas Izmaylov was stabbed in the torso.
Jonas Izmaylov now has self-doubt!
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx found Pendant!
Carly Dustfinger found Great Helm!
They arrived at the Red city, where they had to solve a voracious secret.
After a hard-earned mission, they returned with the secret.
Jonas Izmaylov found "Mind Grasp" Platinum Ring of Brilliance +1!
Jonas Izmaylov learned Archeology!
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx bruised her ribs.
Benevolent Dictator Patricia Wixx found "Kraken Bender" Hard Leather Boots of Enlightenment +1!
Carly Dustfinger found Warhammer!
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 9-3 
At Platinum Branch Club in Ulster's Jeweltown, Selam Holmberg the Unlucky, Orion Tjangamarra, and Jesper Kodou the Learned have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the succulent, magical prisoner at the Boreal valley.
They were confronted with a river.
After a trying trek, they crossed the river.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky learned Baking!
Orion Tjangamarra was stabbed in the torso.
Orion Tjangamarra found Plated Belt of Perfection!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Silk Hood!
They were ambushed by a decrepit beast.
After a fraught contest, they moved on from the beast.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky had her confidence shaken.
Orion Tjangamarra found Hood!
Jesper Kodou the Learned found Brightsilk Sash!
They arrived at the Boreal valley, where they discovered a succulent magical prisoner.
After a hard-earned infiltration, they retrieved the prisoner.
Selam Holmberg the Unlucky found Sash of Protection!
Orion Tjangamarra learned Arcane Arts!
Orion Tjangamarra had their arm crushed.
Jesper Kodou the Learned dislocated their shoulder.
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 9-4 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, and Isak Schmidt have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the voracious, black-hearted hidden passage at the Jarred village.
They were confronted with a river.
After a misjudged trek, they failed to overcome the river.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.

