STORY 0-0 
At Platinum Branch Club in Varajao District, Archon Filippa Sandgreen, Council Dilibe Simon, Stani Kiyomizu, George Davis, and Olympia Feron have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the violent, irresistible secret "Melifluent Butcher" at the Headless pass.
They came across a beast.
After a grueling negotiation, they moved on from the beast.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen was frightened half to death.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Grimoire!
Council Dilibe Simon found Bronze Ring!
Olympia Feron found Crown!
Olympia Feron found Hard Leather Gloves!
They were blocked by a crepuscular waste.
After a dominating exertion, they crossed the waste.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Club!
Council Dilibe Simon broke his leg.
They were confronted with a voracious deathly river.
After a successful trek, they crossed the river.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Crown!
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Silver Ring!
Council Dilibe Simon learned Horses!
Stani Kiyomizu broke her leg.
Olympia Feron found Silk Hood!
They arrived at the Headless pass, where they discovered the violent irresistible secret Melifluent Butcher.
After an epic mission, they returned with the secret.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Bronze Ring!
Archon Filippa Sandgreen dislocated their shoulder.
Council Dilibe Simon found Titanium Ring!
Council Dilibe Simon got fried nerves.
Stani Kiyomizu was stabbed in the torso.
George Davis found War Cap!
The adventurers returned to Platinum Branch Club, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-1 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in Farshi District, Radim Piest, Eva McLellan, and Isak Elizondo have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the prisoner at the Headless market.
They arrived at the Headless market, where they discovered a prisoner.
After a trying mission, they retrieved the prisoner.
Radim Piest found Silver Ring!
Eva McLellan found Linen Hood!
Eva McLellan found Hard Leather Gloves!
The adventurers returned to Klaxon Messengerhall, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in the Flying Stones, Fortinbras Courtois, Cathy Buterin the Unready, and Gustave Berg have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the psychopomp at the Darshish summit.
They arrived at the Darshish summit, where they were confronted by a psychopomp.
After a trying contest, they defeated the psychopomp.
Fortinbras Courtois found Silver Ring!
Cathy Buterin the Unready found Linen Hood!
Cathy Buterin the Unready found Hard Leather Gloves!
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 1-0 
At Platinum Branch Club in Varajao District, Archon Filippa Sandgreen, Olympia Feron, Council Dilibe Simon, and George Davis have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the decrepit, cursed hidden passage at the Jarred crypt.
They were blocked by a river.
After a strenuous trek, they traversed the river.
Archon Filippa Sandgreen found Bronze Ring!
Olympia Feron found Platinum Ring!
Olympia Feron found Holy Gauntlets!
George Davis had their confidence shaken.
The adventurers slunk back to Platinum Branch Club in disgrace.

STORY 1-1 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in Farshi District, Eva McLellan, Radim Piest, Dzemail Onwuka, and Isak Elizondo have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the many-eyed, deathly relic at the Headless forest.
They were blocked by a river.
After a strenuous trek, they traversed the river.
Eva McLellan found Bronze Ring!
Radim Piest found Platinum Ring!
Radim Piest found Holy Gauntlets!
Isak Elizondo had his confidence shaken.
The adventurers slunk back to Klaxon Messengerhall in disgrace.

STORY 1-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in the Flying Stones, Gustave Berg, Fortinbras Courtois, and Cathy Buterin the Unready have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the violent, magical secret at the Red valley.
They were blocked by a river.
After a bungled trek, they failed to cross the river.
Fortinbras Courtois found Bronze Ring!
Cathy Buterin the Unready got blasted eardrums.
Cathy Buterin the Unready was stabbed in the torso.
The adventurers slunk back to Cherished Heart Temple in disgrace.

STORY 2-0 

STORY 2-1 

STORY 2-2 

