STORY 0-0 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in the Dregs, Stani Trump the Damned, Freya amogsus Humblecut, Grace amogsus Kodou, and Sybella Ranth have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the maze at the Illusid sea.
They arrived at the Illusid sea, where they were blocked by a maze.
After a fraught exploration, they completely mapped out the maze.
Freya amogsus Humblecut suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Klaxon Messengerhall, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-1 
At Royal Orchestra Theatre in Ulster's Jeweltown, Abigail in Zhu, Bogdan Woods, Bishop Vlad Allen, Sarah Kicklighter, and Olgu Gannon have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the decrepit warlock at the Can-ton market.
They had to solve a locked gate.
After a successful hundred guesses, they found a way through the locked gate.
Abigail in Zhu found Shoes!
Bogdan Woods found Silk Robe!
Bishop Vlad Allen found Silk Gloves!
Sarah Kicklighter broke their leg.
Olgu Gannon found Amulet!
They arrived at the Can-ton market, where they were ambushed by a decrepit warlock.
After an epic contest, they overpowered the warlock.
Abigail in Zhu found Greaves!
Abigail in Zhu found Bronze Ring of Reflection!
Bogdan Woods found Dragon's Crown!
Bogdan Woods was stabbed in the torso.
Sarah Kicklighter found Silver Ring!
Sarah Kicklighter found Dragonskin Belt!
The adventurers returned to Royal Orchestra Theatre, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-2 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Linda Galt, Jessica Cromwell, Fren Gandor Oliveira .eth, and Cindy Lelkova the Elder have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the maze at the Illusid sea.
They arrived at the Illusid sea, where they discovered a maze.
After a hard-earned exploration, they completely mapped out the maze.
Jessica Cromwell was frightened half to death.
Cindy Lelkova the Elder dislocated their shoulder.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.

STORY 1-0 
At Royal Orchestra Theatre in the Dregs, Dorath Sorokina, Serge amogsus Wintermute, and Gogu Araujo have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the sanctum at the Boreal desert.
The adventurers slunk back to Royal Orchestra Theatre in disgrace.

STORY 1-1 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in the Flying Stones, Charles Danicek, Rorik Zhu, Archibaldo Udobata, Jhaan Hidalgo, and Jenci Maki have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the outskirts at the Macrosign market.
The adventurers slunk back to Zoanthropic Lodge in disgrace.

STORY 1-2 
At Hall of Heads in Ulster's Jeweltown, Raff of Ledger, Mira Dustfinger, Remus Thorne, and Florus Mikulanc have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the decrepit ogre at the Darshish crypt.
The adventurers slunk back to Hall of Heads in disgrace.

STORY 2-0 

STORY 2-1 

STORY 2-2 

