STORY 0-0 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Chinyelu Broberg, Rorik Woodd the Savior, Jonas Chad, and Martin Wintermute have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the voracious, deathly lord at the Headless crypt.
They had to solve a maze.
After a fraught brainstorm, they solved the maze.
Chinyelu Broberg found Wand!
Rorik Woodd the Savior found "Pandemonium Peak" Silk Slippers of Power +1!
They came across a voracious tunnel dweller.
After a hard-earned negotiation, they defeated the tunnel dweller.
Jonas Chad broke their leg.
Martin Wintermute found Hood!
Martin Wintermute was stabbed in the torso.
They arrived at the Headless crypt, where they came across a voracious deathly lord.
After a hard-earned conversation, they struck a deal with the lord.
Chinyelu Broberg dislocated her shoulder.
Jonas Chad dislocated their shoulder.
The adventurers returned to Cherished Heart Temple, exhausted but successful.
Martin Wintermute now has cowardice.

STORY 0-1 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Fabien Pelletier, Efraim Bunker, and Alma Ledger have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the entrancing secret at the Darshish forest.
They were confronted with a hedge.
After a testing trek, they crossed the hedge.
Efraim Bunker now has unluckiness!
Efraim Bunker broke their leg.
Efraim Bunker had their confidence shaken.
Alma Ledger found "Rune Glow" Holy Chestplate of Giants!
Alma Ledger found Amulet!
They arrived at the Darshish forest, where they had to solve a entrancing secret.
After a rough mission, they did not acquire the secret.
Fabien Pelletier had their arm crushed.
The adventurers slunk back to Harcourt Smithy in disgrace.
Efraim Bunker now has self-doubt.

STORY 0-2 
At Union of Scientists in Varajao District, Hana Egede, Ed Nigiri, and Serge Karlsen have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the violent, reknowned doctor at the Red pass.
They had to solve a maze.
After an epic brainstorm, they solved the maze.
Ed Nigiri found Wand!
Serge Karlsen found "Pandemonium Peak" Silk Slippers of Power +1!
They came across a voracious tunnel dweller.
After a rough negotiation, they failled to pass the tunnel dweller.
The adventurers slunk back to Union of Scientists in disgrace.

STORY 1-0 
At Cherished Heart Temple in Farshi District, Rorik Woodd the Savior, Jennifer Crassus, Chinyelu Broberg, and Jonas Chad have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the doctor at the Can-ton forest.


STORY 1-1 
At Harcourt Smithy in the Flying Stones, Alma Ledger, Efraim Bunker, and Fabien Pelletier have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the voracious, impossible warlock at the Headless crypt.
They met a bird folk.
After a grueling negotiation, they passed by the bird folk.


STORY 1-2 
At Union of Scientists in Varajao District, Amou Delphine, Hana Egede, and Serge Karlsen have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to explore the hidden passage at the Boreal desert.


STORY 2-0 

STORY 2-1 

STORY 2-2 

