STORY 0-0 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in Karkowa District, Darda Biddercombe, Ebony Kufersin, Doge Dilibe Gotou, Matthew Sandheaver, and Couch Samuel Marblemaw have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the psychopomp at the Headless pass.
They arrived at the Headless pass, where they snuck up on a psychopomp.
After an epic struggle, they overpowered the psychopomp.
Ebony Kufersin found "Vortex Whisper" Amulet of Anger!
Matthew Sandheaver found Shoes!
The adventurers returned to Klaxon Messengerhall, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-1 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Bolethe Wood, Yvanna Bryant, and Ravil Felten have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the lightless, magical warlock at the Headless village.
They stumbled upon a cliff.
After a misguided exertion, they failed to traverse the cliff.
Yvanna Bryant had her confidence shaken.
Ravil Felten broke his leg.
The adventurers slunk back to Zoanthropic Lodge in disgrace.

STORY 0-2 
At Cult of 973 in the Dregs, John Felten, Harriet Cassidy, and Rosvita Frederiksen have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to befriend the priest at the Craven village.
They arrived at the Craven village, where they snuck up on a priest.
After an epic conversation, they gained favor with the priest.
John Felten found Tome!
Harriet Cassidy found Hard Leather Armor!
Rosvita Frederiksen found Shoes!
The adventurers returned to Cult of 973, exhausted but successful.

STORY 1-0 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in Karkowa District, Doge Dilibe Gotou, Ebony Kufersin, Couch Samuel Marblemaw, and Darda Biddercombe have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the violent, cursed prisoner at the Jarred forest.
They discovered a hedge.
After a grueling attempt, they crossed the hedge.
Ebony Kufersin broke her leg.
Ebony Kufersin found Studded Leather Belt!
Couch Samuel Marblemaw suffered slash wounds.


STORY 1-1 
At Zoanthropic Lodge in Raft Town, Chad Galt, Ravil Felten, Bolethe Wood, Chukwuebuka Biddercombe, and Yvanna Bryant have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the prisoner at the Macrosign desert.


STORY 1-2 
At Cult of 973 in the Dregs, George Skotnik, Rosvita Frederiksen, Charles Aliyeva, and Harriet Cassidy have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the many-eyed, cursed walls at the Craven forest.
They discovered a hedge.
After a grueling attempt, they crossed the hedge.
Rosvita Frederiksen broke her leg.
Rosvita Frederiksen found Studded Leather Belt!
Charles Aliyeva suffered slash wounds.


STORY 2-0 

STORY 2-1 

STORY 2-2 

