STORY 0-0 
At Hall of Heads in North Bank Street, Mira West, Florus Benes, and Count Chishou Huxley have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the voracious, black-hearted egregore "Carcosan Clopse" at the Geometric sea.
They snuck up on an elemental.
After a hard-earned stand off, they defeated the elemental.
Mira West got blasted eardrums.
Mira West found Platinum Ring!
Count Chishou Huxley learned Arcane Arts!
They met a lightless beast.
After a challenging negotiation, they passed by the beast.
Mira West found Dragonskin Belt of Giants!
Florus Benes found Demonhide Boots!
Count Chishou Huxley got fried nerves.
They discovered a voracious ancient maze.
After a bungled hundred guesses, they failed to figure out the maze.
Mira West broke his leg.
Florus Benes had his confidence shaken.
Florus Benes suffered slash wounds.
Florus Benes found Gold Ring!
Count Chishou Huxley suffered slash wounds.
Count Chishou Huxley broke his leg.
The adventurers slunk back to Hall of Heads in disgrace.

STORY 0-1 
At Marsh's Sewerworks in Farshi District, Ebony Aliyeva, Arch-ape Domonkos da Huxley, Satoshi Kulechov, and Ailmar Wood have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the caravan at the Macrosign crypt.
They arrived at the Macrosign crypt, where they discovered a caravan.
After a trying attempt, they protected the caravan.
Arch-ape Domonkos da Huxley learned Archery!
Satoshi Kulechov found Robe of Power!
The adventurers returned to Marsh's Sewerworks, exhausted but successful.

STORY 0-2 
At Klaxon Messengerhall in the basement of Porcine Castle, Mohammed Bryant, Pope Joseph Piest, Jan Hidalgo, and Charles Valova have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the sharp caravan at the Illusid summit.
They had to solve a puzzlebox.
After a hard-earned attempt, they found a way through the puzzlebox.
Pope Joseph Piest found Amulet!
Jan Hidalgo bruised his ribs.
They arrived at the Illusid summit, where they were confronted with a sharp caravan.
After a trying battle, they safe-guarded the caravan.
Pope Joseph Piest suffered slash wounds.
The adventurers returned to Klaxon Messengerhall, exhausted but successful.

STORY 1-0 
At Marsh's Sewerworks in the Flying Stones, Martin Davorin Fellowes, Karen West, and Linda vibes Oliveira have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defeat the warlock at the Boreal forest.
The adventurers slunk back to Marsh's Sewerworks in disgrace.

STORY 1-1 
At Royal Orchestra Theatre in Varajao District, Gogu light Steffensen, Sybella Cassidy the Weak, and Michael Mailhot have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to defend the walls at the Red summit.
The adventurers slunk back to Royal Orchestra Theatre in disgrace.

STORY 1-2 
At Hall of Heads in Karkowa District, Thomas Hayes, Jonas Dustfinger, Freya Nilsson, and Eva West have gathered.
Consulting the guild, they choose their quest: to retrieve the tome at the Red forest.
The adventurers slunk back to Hall of Heads in disgrace.

STORY 2-0 

STORY 2-1 

STORY 2-2 

